So we're almost set to get started with the meat of this course.
How do you get the most out of this course? Well this course has a lot of videos, some assignments, a quiz,
so a lot of content you can consume.
I definitely encourage you to code along, do the assignments and also code along during the videos. Pause
the videos if I'm talking too fast,
use the playback speed adjustment in the Udemy player to speed up or slow down if I'm going too fast
or slow for you and make sure that you really follow along,
this is how you practice the most and how you learn the most.
Now if you get stuck, check my source code, I attached a lot of source code files throughout this course.
You can always find all the source code for a given module attached to the last lecture of this module
but also in-between, you'll see that a lot of lectures have a zip file attached which holds a snapshot
of the code as we had it at the end of the lecture
it is attached to. Download this code and compare it with yours,
chances are this allows you to find the error you had in your code.
Additionally, ask and of course also answer in the Q&A section of this course,
I'm happy to assist you there but sometimes you learn more by answering.
Asking is always easy,
first try to answer it for yourself,
Google it,
try to find the error by comparing the code.
If you can't find it, definitely ask but also help other students.
If you answer other questions, you challenge yourself and you learn way more than if you had just asked,
so definitely keep this in mind,
this is one of the ways we actually learn the most
and besides that, practice, practice, practice. You need to practice these things,
I'll give you a complete walk through all the core features but in the end, you have to practice them.
You have to put them into your next project, into your existing project,
you have to fail and try again,
this is how you will excel and how you will become a master of progressive web apps.